Update gpu guide to point to JAX installation guide. (#258)
JaxGaussianProcesses/GPJax: docs/installation.md

    python -c 'import gpjax; print(gpjax.__version__)'
    ```

## GPU/TPU support

> Fancy using GPJax on GPU/TPU? Then you'll need to install JAX with the relevant hardware acceleration support as detailed in these instructions(https://github.com/google/jax#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fancy using GPJax on GPU/TPU? Then you'll need to install JAX with the relevant 
hardware acceleration support as detailed in the 
[JAX installation guide](https://github.com/google/jax#installation).
```

Try and keep lines in md files to 88 characters or less (⌥+q) in VSCode. It's also best to use markdown hyperlinks, not raw urls.
